What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

  A file is created in the directory called .git which contains all the commits
  for a given repository. You have to do this to create a repository, in other
  words, to tell GitBash that it should create a commit history of that
  directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

  The staging area is an intermediate state between the working directory and
  the repository when creating commits. It offers the possibility to commit only
  certain files to a repository in order to keep track of logical changes.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

  By comparing the staging area to the working directory and the last commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

  When creating alternative versions of a certain file, when adding experimental
  features or when making versions in a different language.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

  They put the history in a graphical way which is easier to follow up to
  identify braches and the commits that make them up, and which commits you can
  reach through which branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

  The result is that the changes made to each of the branches are put together
  in a new commit. It is represented like so because it will consider all the
  changes made in each of the original branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

  Merging files manually would take a very long time, especially for big files.
  This is why Git's automatic merging is helpful, because it will let you
  automatically put two commits together with all the changes that were made in
  each. If there is a conflict, Git will notify you which is a big pro. This way
  you can resolve the conflict and then continue with the merging.
